---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "equinix_metal_devices Data Source - terraform-provider-equinix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# equinix_metal_devices (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) One or more attribute/values pairs on which to filter results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `organization_id` (String) The id of the organization to query for devices
- `project_id` (String) The id of the project to query for devices
- `search` (String) Search string to filter devices by hostname, description, short_id, reservation short_id, tags, plan name, plan slug, facility code, facility name, operating system name, operating system slug, IP addresses.
- `sort` (Block List) One or more attribute/direction pairs on which to sort results. If multiple sorts are provided, they will be applied in order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sort))

### Read-Only

- `devices` (List of Object) List of devices that match specified filters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) The attribute used to filter. Filter attributes are case-sensitive
- `values` (List of String) The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive. If you specify multiple values for a filter, the values are joined with an OR by default, and the request returns all results that match any of the specified values

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) If is set to true, the values are joined with an AND, and the requests returns only the results that match all specified values
- `match_by` (String) The type of comparison to apply. One of: in (default), re, substring, less_than, less_than_or_equal, greater_than, greater_than_or_equal


<a id="nestedblock--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sort`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) The attribute used to sort the results. Sort attributes are case-sensitive

Optional:

- `direction` (String) Sort results in ascending or descending order. Strings are sorted in alphabetical order. One of: asc, desc


<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Read-Only:

- `access_private_ipv4` (String)
- `access_public_ipv4` (String)
- `access_public_ipv6` (String)
- `always_pxe` (Boolean)
- `billing_cycle` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `device_id` (String)
- `facility` (String)
- `hardware_reservation_id` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `ipxe_script_url` (String)
- `metro` (String)
- `network` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--devices--network))
- `network_type` (String)
- `operating_system` (String)
- `plan` (String)
- `ports` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--devices--ports))
- `project_id` (String)
- `root_password` (String)
- `sos_hostname` (String)
- `ssh_key_ids` (List of String)
- `state` (String)
- `storage` (String)
- `tags` (List of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--devices--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for ``

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `cidr` (Number)
- `family` (Number)
- `gateway` (String)
- `public` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedobjatt--devices--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for ``

Read-Only:

- `bonded` (Boolean)
- `id` (String)
- `mac` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)
