---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "equinix_metal_plans Data Source - terraform-provider-equinix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# equinix_metal_plans (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) One or more attribute/values pairs on which to filter results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `sort` (Block List) One or more attribute/direction pairs on which to sort results. If multiple sorts are provided, they will be applied in order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sort))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `plans` (List of Object) Sorted list of available server plans that match the specified filters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plans))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) The attribute used to filter. Filter attributes are case-sensitive
- `values` (List of String) The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive. If you specify multiple values for a filter, the values are joined with an OR by default, and the request returns all results that match any of the specified values

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) If is set to true, the values are joined with an AND, and the requests returns only the results that match all specified values
- `match_by` (String) The type of comparison to apply. One of: in (default), re, substring, less_than, less_than_or_equal, greater_than, greater_than_or_equal


<a id="nestedblock--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sort`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) The attribute used to sort the results. Sort attributes are case-sensitive

Optional:

- `direction` (String) Sort results in ascending or descending order. Strings are sorted in alphabetical order. One of: asc, desc


<a id="nestedatt--plans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plans`

Read-Only:

- `available_in` (Set of String)
- `available_in_metros` (Set of String)
- `class` (String)
- `deployment_types` (Set of String)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `legacy` (Boolean)
- `line` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `pricing_hour` (Number)
- `pricing_month` (Number)
- `slug` (String)
