---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "equinix_metal_connection Resource - terraform-provider-equinix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# equinix_metal_connection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the connection resource
- `redundancy` (String) Connection redundancy - redundant or primary
- `type` (String) Connection type - dedicated, shared or shared_port_vlan

### Optional

- `contact_email` (String) The preferred email used for communication and notifications about the Equinix Fabric interconnection
- `description` (String) Description of the connection resource
- `facility` (String, Deprecated) Facility where the connection will be created
- `metro` (String) Metro where the connection will be created
- `mode` (String) Mode for connections in IBX facilities with the dedicated type - standard or tunnel
- `organization_id` (String) ID of the organization responsible for the connection. Applicable with type "dedicated"
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project where the connection is scoped to. Required with type "shared"
- `service_token_type` (String) Only used with shared connection. Type of service token to use for the connection, a_side or z_side
- `speed` (String) Connection speed -  Values must be in the format '<number>Mbps' or '<number>Gpbs', for example '100Mbps' or '50Gbps'.  Actual supported values will depend on the connection type and whether the connection uses VLANs or VRF.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags attached to the connection
- `vlans` (List of Number) Only used with shared connection. VLANs to attach. Pass one vlan for Primary/Single connection and two vlans for Redundant connection
- `vrfs` (List of String) Only used with shared connection. VRFs to attach. Pass one VRF for Primary/Single connection and two VRFs for Redundant connection

### Read-Only

- `authorization_code` (String) Only used with Fabric Shared connection. Fabric uses this token to be able to give more detailed information about the Metal end of the network, when viewing resources from within Fabric.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `ports` (List of Object) List of connection ports - primary (`ports[0]`) and secondary (`ports[1]`) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))
- `service_tokens` (List of Object) Only used with shared connection. List of service tokens required to continue the setup process with [equinix_ecx_l2_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/equinix/equinix/latest/docs/resources/equinix_ecx_l2_connection) or from the [Equinix Fabric Portal](https://ecxfabric.equinix.com/dashboard) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_tokens))
- `status` (String) Status of the connection resource
- `token` (String, Deprecated) Only used with shared connection. Fabric Token required to continue the setup process with [equinix_ecx_l2_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/equinix/equinix/latest/docs/resources/equinix_ecx_l2_connection) or from the [Equinix Fabric Portal](https://ecxfabric.equinix.com/dashboard)

<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `link_status` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `speed` (Number)
- `status` (String)
- `virtual_circuit_ids` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--service_tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_tokens`

Read-Only:

- `expires_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `max_allowed_speed` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `type` (String)
