---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "equinix_metal_reserved_ip_block Resource - terraform-provider-equinix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# equinix_metal_reserved_ip_block (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) The metal project ID where to allocate the address block

### Optional

- `cidr` (Number) the size of the network to reserve from an existing vrf ip_range. `cidr` can only be specified with `vrf_id`. Minimum range is 22-29, with 30-31 supported and necessary for virtual-circuits
- `custom_data` (String) Custom Data is an arbitrary object (submitted in Terraform as serialized JSON) to assign to the IP Reservation. This may be helpful for self-managed IPAM. The object must be valid JSON.
- `description` (String) Arbitrary description
- `facility` (String) Facility where to allocate the public IP address block, makes sense only for type==public_ipv4, must be empty for type==global_ipv4, conflicts with metro
- `metro` (String) Metro where to allocate the public IP address block, makes sense only for type==public_ipv4, must be empty for type==global_ipv4, conflicts with facility
- `network` (String) an unreserved network address from an existing vrf ip_range. `network` can only be specified with vrf_id
- `quantity` (Number) The number of allocated /32 addresses, a power of 2
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags attached to the reserved block
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `type` (String) Either global_ipv4, public_ipv4, or vrf. Defaults to public_ipv4.
- `vrf_id` (String) VRF ID for type=vrf reservations
- `wait_for_state` (String) Wait for the IP reservation block to reach a desired state on resource creation. One of: `pending`, `created`. The `created` state is default and recommended if the addresses are needed within the configuration. An error will be returned if a timeout or the `denied` state is encountered.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String)
- `address_family` (Number) Address family as integer (4 or 6)
- `cidr_notation` (String)
- `gateway` (String)
- `global` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether IP block is global, i.e. assignable in any location
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `manageable` (Boolean)
- `management` (Boolean)
- `netmask` (String) Mask in decimal notation, e.g. 255.255.255.0
- `public` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether IP block is addressable from the Internet

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
